Hello, today I want to show
fight on site 140 from player with nickname
king of the bottom
card we have el hulluf head-to-head
immediately at the beginning
read the chat what the allies write and
opponents write what pink what
tupit a little something that they play poorly
our hero goes to the water well, you can say
not on the water on the shelf which is above water
is at the same time chatting
abruptly begins to capture our base as
you can see what swam across 5 5 this
because i x2 included kinda well there
one opponent only stands on base
don't capture like our our player sees that
that all our allies are stuck not playing
hang and decides to check what is there with
opponents are going to go through the water
to the opponents I will accelerate here a little bit
Everywhere here Jagdpanther on her throws
once a second time does not have time for us
walks behind the stone and continues to rise
on the hill but then I saw in with decides
throw over it
throws once throws 2 in stone
throws 3 here you go away and the third
blind shot a little bit did not hit
keep moving up the hill to
to the enemy
thinking what is it for now because
only three were loaded
Yurovskih enemy until we see for
minimap and our object 140 drive up to
do not look at the top of the hill now
happens he leaves and shine all
opponents just of a cage her not
starts to shoot let's go soon in
this moment
starts just nastrerivat on and drying
first enemy then takes e 75
throws on e75
look at the number of shells he has
cost only 9 subcaliber
shells 24 cumulative barely high-explosive
here he does not pierce the and kashin e 50
starts shooting at baku her 4 then you
You see that it would be better to shoot for ebe
10 nakidu stupid fourth trying
set on fire but it does not set on fire
shoot b 50 cop and e50 wake up
turns the tower at him shoots not
gets our hero to finish
piercing shells remain
cumulative he shoots turnips all
that pierces after in nld ignites and
Kills while getting damage
Now in the rink because she has tanks
front or not engine and chassis
most likely stories in front of what he
burns an hour ahead do the right thing too
shoot the front of the hull
see what happens is not broken
cumulative per board happens when
what is now cumulative cut with
colliding with the screen it just you don't
punching enemies here and writing 140
well cool real enemies disassemble
here he sets fire to the flash drive begins
damage another flash drive
only already 215 grams of time we are already 13
outfits here the last moment woke up
Wechka Well, we have time to and get 3gp
Further we shoot on feshki pods
parse it we see what is not a tower
turned means he woke up and then
flew out again starting to throw
pick up and here we see the enemy
Jagdpanter
shoot and cheek but don't get it already
minus -looking earthlings we have 5
speak wow and 2 high-explosive shoot
punch naturally cumulative
projectile shoot a second time again
get lucky we are not here charge
land mines correctly do up to 6 verse 4 and
better finish off with shells that
happens we go to see him there
and 5 shoot gun mask armor not
broken we leave him a second time
we shoot at 73 xp it gets south
7 who came here also realized that
should take a moment
only two shells remain temporarily
but with a cumulative 13 000 400 for damage
log of damage we shoot blind they don't
rastat 103 we see remains
last piercing projectile
we are going we must shoot him looking for someone
it could be removed see that 69
the enemy is trying to shoot too
our package does not see him allies
last shell
Object 704 All our ammunition is empty
us 13600 8 rona on light
us 6 frags this warrior 10 3 all twins
in victory and going to get
remaining allies begin to ram
laura
40 tons of our 7, too, here is not bad
but lore takes a hop and that is a lot of us
we are not on tarot him here
here continues to the power of our hero
are 70 kb opponents writes that cool
on and our player is hesitant for
more heavily ramming already 704 and just
stands and looks like is-7 parses it
standing here is such an interesting fight well
how interesting and just this happens alone
a battle for 10,000 may even have many such
and it was not yet late I will show
In general, the results of this battle by experience
how many nadamashie allies and
opponents here are the results of the battle
We look at the personal result of this 196 thousand
2500 experience credits
medal cowboys scout support and
sniper team result by experience we
in the first place is still very damaging
okay sevens affairs too 6 frags
but since we have more experience we
we get a warrior they seven
We look at the detailed report got a plus
42 thousand credits
earned and dirty almost 200,000
credits
50 shots fired 47 hit
44 struck if our player
with the nickname the king of the bottom would not shoot
so waste shells blindly and not
punched there several luxurious tanks
then there would be a result
even more impressive write
comments about this fight and
subscribe to the channel to you always
also lucky to off and kashin them
opponents